Update qr-api-guide.md (#138)
vippsas/vipps-qr-api: qr-api-guide.md

!["Demo"](images/demo-qr.png)

#### QR Image format
The API currently supports generating QR codes in either `PNG` or `SVG` image formats. If `PNG` is chosen, it is also possible to set the resolution of the image.

> For Merchant-Callback QR codes, the image format and size are set in optional query parameters. If not provided, the default is an `SVG` image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For merchant callback QR codes, the image format and size are set in optional query parameters. If not provided, the default is an `SVG` image.
```

> One-time payment and Merchant Redirect QR codes are using headers to set the image format and size. The below table describes how.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One-time payment and merchant redirect QR codes are using headers to set the image format and size. The below table describes how.
```

| Header Name | Header Value | Description |
| ----------- | ------------ | ----------- |
| `Accept` | `image/*` | Returns a URL pointing to a `svg` image |
| `Accept` | `image/svg+xml` | Returns a URL pointing to a `svg` image |
| `Accept` | `image/png` | Returns a URL pointing to a `PNG` image |

> | `Size` | [100 - 2000] | The header value is an integer between 100 and 2000. For example a value of 500 results in a `PNG` image in resolution 500x500. Only relevant when requesting a `PNG` QR code. If `PNG` is chosen, and `Size` is not set, the default resolution is 800x800 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Size` | [100 - 2000] | The header value is an integer between 100 and 2000. For example, a value of 500 results in a `PNG` image in resolution 500x500. This is only relevant when requesting a `PNG` QR code. If `PNG` is chosen, and `Size` is not set, the default resolution is 800x800 |
```

#### Custom QR codes
It is also possible to create a custom QR code.
This will require an approval from Vipps MobilePay before use, so we can validate the styling and design of the QR.

If a custom QR code is desired, see the
[design guidelines](https://developer.vippsmobilepay.com/docs/design-guidelines#vipps-custom-qr-code)
for more details about the QR format and design.

> To create a custom QR code the `qrContent` is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a custom QR code, you must also specify qrContent`, containing the content of the QR code.
```

> For one-time payment and Merchant-redirect QR codes, the following `Accept` header value needs to be used:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For one-time payment and merchant redirect QR codes, the following `Accept` header value must used:
```

| Header Name | Header Value | Description |
| ----------- | ------------ | ----------- |
| `Accept` | `text/targetUrl` | Returns the `qrContent` of the QR |

> For Merchant-callback QR the `qrContent` is returned for all QR codes returned, so no special request modification is needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For merchant callback QR the `qrContent` is returned for all QR codes returned, so no special request modification is needed.
```
